c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe.config
c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.Resources.resources
c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
c:\users\gpitm379\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe.config
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmMain.resources
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.Resources.resources
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
U:\CSC241\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmContact.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe.config
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmContact.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmBooks.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmCart.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmContact.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmMember.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe.config
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\KU\VB\class\Projects\eBookInterface\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe.config
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmBooks.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmCart.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmContact.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmMember.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Documents\KU\Classes\Fall14\VB\class\Projects\eBookDataBase\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe.config
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.exe
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.pdb
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\bin\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.xml
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmBooks.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmCart.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmContact.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.frmMember.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Geoff\Desktop\eBookDataBase\Ebook_Ordering\obj\Debug\Ebook_Ordering.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
